Add earler link to LSIF docs. (#7691)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/user/code_intelligence/basic_code_intelligence.md

Sourcegraph comes with built-in code intelligence provided by search-based heuristics.

> For precise code intelligence, see [LSIF](./lsif.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in enabling precise code intelligence on your repository, see our documentation on [LSIF](./lsif.md).
```

> For precise code intelligence, see [LSIF](./lsif.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph also supports precise code intelligence using the [Language Server Index Format (LSIF)](lsif.md).
```

Author: *bump*, @christinaforney 's change made it in first.

Reviewer 2: I like hers so you're good to merge.
